Add ES|QL note to runtime fields docs (#6619)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/data-store/mapping/runtime-fields.md

::::

## Runtime fields in {{esql}} [runtime-esql]

> {{esql}} treats runtime fields defined in the index mapping like regular mapped fields. However, {{esql}} does not support defining new runtime fields at search time. To create computed columns at query time, use the [`EVAL`](elasticsearch://reference/query-languages/esql/commands/eval.md) command instead.

Reviewer: This is not my area of expertise, so feel free to ignore, but I just wonder if we could make this a little more user-focused (as opposed to product-focused) to soften down the anthropomorphism? 

```suggestion
In {{esql}}, runtime fields defined in the index mapping function as regular mapped fields. However, {{esql}} does not support defining new runtime fields at search time. To create computed columns at query time, use the [`EVAL`](elasticsearch://reference/query-languages/esql/commands/eval.md) command instead.
```

I know it introduces passive voice, but in my books that's a lesser evil. 🙈

Author: @yetanothertw I'd counter with this alternative:

`In {{esql}}, runtime fields defined in the index mapping function as regular mapped fields.`

WDYT? 😄

Reviewer: Love it, thanks!
